The first step is to clear the Communist Party of the evil plans,
to protect the security of the people, and to protect the lives of the people.
The first step is to do it this way. It's easy. Why?
Just one expression is enough.
The second step is to bring together the people of the peace.
I told the press that you should focus on the people of the country,
and not on the peace.
I believe that peace can be achieved in a short time.
Because of the common peace,
and the independence of Germany,
and the common development of the German-German Union,
and the reunification of China and Asia,
it is like this.
This is also a question.
It's good that you are doing this.
But if we are in this way to praise the peace,
and have this kind of expression,
and the Japanese army comes to attack us,
and attack us,
then the peace will be lost.
The peace will be lost.
The people's hearts will be broken.
The people's hearts will be messed up.
This is even worse.
I believe that this kind of expression
is often used by many people.
Therefore, I hope that the peace will be lost.
Therefore, I want to make it clear tonight,
and I want to tell you all,
if the people of the front and rear,
the administrative office,
and the soldiers,
if they can have the expression of the common peace,
the expression of the peace,
the Japanese army will not attack.
Why?
Because the Japanese army,
under the command of the government,
the government has already made a statement,
and they hope that China will have people
who will be with them,
and will only show the peace,
and only show the anti-communist,
and hope that this kind of people will come out and collect the revenge.